# Introduction
Hi there, it's Bex. You may know me from Statuo's Aegis City Discord or Chubcord. While both are botmaking/chat-botting oriented, image gen is a huge thing in the hobby and is fun in general. This Rentry is a place for me to organise my experience, some tricks, and technical stuff that will be useful to simply look up. I also intend this Rentry to be a useful resource for people inexperienced with Stable Diffusion and/or Illustrious-based models, as well as people who simply want to learn more. You may be surprised by how much stuff is unintuitive, almost not documented and hard to find and understand. While initially it started as a comprehensive guide for everything related to Stable Diffusion and Illustrious, I had a realization that if I actually stick to it and do all the research and investigation, all the time in the world won't be enough, and I want to eventually finish this thing, so let's get it straight: while I will be touching on a lot of stuff, **this is not a comprehensive guide. I will not be explaining every single little thing. This is for people who are interested in Stable Diffusion and want to get more from their gens, so I expect you, dear reader, to have agency of your own.** I'll be saying it many times throughout the guide, but: **try doing things yourself, experiment, do the opposite of what I say if you want to, fail again and again to get the gen of your dreams; be creative**. Anyway, let's get to it. If you have any questions, advices or corrections, feel free to contact me on Discord, `@bextoper`, either in the DMs or by pinging me in Aegis City or Chub Discord. I'm in no way an expert in Stable Diffusion or image gen, but there's a lot of stuff I've personally struggled with that took me months to learn and overcome, and I think it would be valuable to share some of it.

UPD: Hell yeah, the migration. Rentry was lagging extremely hard, taking about a minute to process me adding 15 words, which is extremely miserable. Kinda understandable, honestly; My guide has ~20k words and ~120k characters, but still. Here, using `mkdocs` and Github Pages, I can just edit documents on my PC and push it to the site, without worrying about Rentry being a bitch, so yeah: welcome to the new (no) and improved (not really) SD/Illustrious guide.